in today's episode of healthy tasty
meals I'm going to show you a very
healthy and very tasty recipe of a
condiment I've been getting a lot of
emails on hey guys how y'all doing that
today I'm going to show you a recipe for
a condiment that I've been getting a lot
of emails and in fact the last one was
just last night and I was able to tell
him just hold on for 24 hours and I'm
going to show you a very healthy and
tasty recipe for Hummers now today I
want to show you how to do this very
quickly in fact this video is going to
be very short because it's very easy to
make this recipe however it's very
healthy and like I've now said very
tasty so there's no need for you to go
and buy this stuff in a store that is
not fresh full of preservatives and
sometimes full of sugars that's just not
healthy for you and it's not going to
help you reach those weight-loss goals
that you're looking for so as always
let's quickly run through the
ingredients and then I'm going to show
you how to make this in about two
minutes flat the first ingredients which
is obviously the main ingredient is
chickpeas and always try and get the
best quality of whatever ingredient you
need to put into a recipe or a dish this
is nice organic chickpeas and yeah
really tasty I've had that before then
you want freshly chopped parsley about a
tablespoon or so then you want about a
tablespoon of really high-quality olive
oil then we're going to have a little
bit of orange and I'm probably just
going to squeeze out 1/2 of this orange
then you want freshly cut and crushed
garlic about a teaspoon if I get any of
this wrong I will put it on the video
for you guys and I'll put all the
measurements for your day in the recipe
as I go through them then we're going to
have sesame seeds think about another
tablespoon or so from what I can see
they're put in there and then for
spicing we're going to have some cumin
we're going to have nice some Himalayan
salt in there some peppercorns into that
one as well but I'm also going to add
some peppers by itself and that you can
add to taste and now all you're going to
do is you put all of this into your food
press in your blender you mix it for
about two to three minutes and you're
all done
so we'll start of the chickpeas just
stick all of that in
I'm going to have some parsley I'm going
to stick in that garlic sesame seeds and
then let's go with that olive oil the
smells of all these things especially if
it's nice and fresh guys are always so
nice and then I'm literally just going
to squeeze half of this orange juice in
here okay I think it's about a
tablespoon that we're trying to get in
there okay and then a couple of grinds
of pepper a couple of grinds have in
Malayan salt and then add a teaspoon of
sell-off cumin and now we're just going
to blend it all and then we all done
okay that looks perfect now I've gone
for about three minutes and now we will
simply scoop that into a little bowl
stick over there and this is it all
ready to go
and I can tell you it smells really nice
and the great thing it's all great
ingredients very healthy very fresh and
that is your home is all done nice and
easy now like I said I like to have it
as a condiment as you can see here with
some broccoli and some celery and carrot
leaves and that's how I'll be eating it
today it's for me one of the ways that I
can actually get my veggies in I'm not a
big veggie city but you need to get it
in so this makes it a little bit easier
but some people actually just eat the
homeless by itself and I suppose if you
are going to do this this will probably
be a good post-workout meal depending on
what diet you on but if you are
following the six week six-pack
challenge then this could be a post-work
post-workout meal after about 40 to 45
minutes but that's not how I'm going to
eat it I'm having it with my veggies
today so they go guys now you know how
to make healthy tasty hummus and
remember if it's a little bit too bland
for you just add some more of the spices
that I showed you add some more orange
juice or anything that gets that taste
up for you most of the things we use
today is very healthy for you and you
can't really go overboard but now you
have it now you don't have to send me
any more emails about if you can have
who mousse and how to make a healthy
tasty version of it here you have it so
until next time guys if you have any
comments as always put them below if you
like this video click on the like button
and if you have gone and made this
recipe let me know how you got on and
how you enjoyed the taste compared to
the normal stuff that you normally buy
in the food it's now time for me to go
and have my veggies until next time guys
bye bye
you